add documentation for SSH SELinux module (#55256)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/management/security/selinux.mdx

By enforcing fine-grained access controls, SELinux helps:

- Limit the impact of compromised services by restricting what an exploited process can do.
- Prevent unauthorized access at the kernel level, even if file permissions are misconfigured.
- Provide detailed audit logs for policy violations, aiding in forensic analysis and compliance.

The Teleport SSH SELinux module builds on this foundation by confining the Teleport SSH service. It ensures that Teleport SSH processes can only perform explicitly allowed operations, reducing the attack surface and preventing unauthorized actions even if the Teleport binary was compromised.

## Supported Platforms

The SELinux policy module for Teleport SSH is officially supported on Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) **8 and 9 only**.

## Installation

To install the SELinux module, run the included `install-selinux.sh` script as `root`:

```code

> $ sudo bash install-selinux.sh

Author: done

# or teleport is not in your PATH

> $ sudo bash install-selinux.sh -t /path/to/teleport

Author: Mentioned that this is pulled from config and added an example for specifying the config path

---
title: "SELinux Module for Teleport SSH"
description: "How to configure SELinux to enforce Teleport SSH."
---

<Admonition type="note">

> This feature is currently a preview feature and is in active development. It will be stable
> in a future release of Teleport.

Reviewer: Instead of saying "it will be stable" which implies it is currently unstable, I would gave examples of things that are coming in future releases. For example:

```suggestion
This feature is currently under active development. Future releases will extend SELinux policy to support
more Teleport services and features, and integration with Teleport Managed Updates.
```

</Admonition>

> 

Reviewer 2: We should include an introductory paragraph that lays out the purpose and scope of this guide.

## What is SELinux?

SELinux (Security-Enhanced Linux) is a Linux kernel security module that provides a robust, mandatory access control (MAC) framework. Unlike traditional discretionary controls (DAC), which rely on user identity and group membership, SELinux policies define strict rules that govern how processes, files, and other system objects interact.

By enforcing fine-grained access controls, SELinux helps:

- Limit the impact of compromised services by restricting what an exploited process can do.
- Prevent unauthorized access at the kernel level, even if file permissions are misconfigured.
- Provide detailed audit logs for policy violations, aiding in forensic analysis and compliance.

> The Teleport SSH SELinux module builds on this foundation by confining the Teleport SSH service. It ensures that Teleport SSH processes can only perform explicitly allowed operations, reducing the attack surface and preventing unauthorized actions even if the Teleport binary was compromised.

Author: That's a fair point. I think assuming some familiarity is a safe bet, and linking to Red Hat docs where users can learn more otherwise. Applied suggestion.

```code
$ sudo ./install-selinux.sh
# if teleport is not in your PATH
$ sudo ./install-selinux.sh -t /path/to/teleport
```

This script performs the following:

1. Extracts the SELinux module from the installed Teleport binary.
1. Customizes the module based on the Teleport configuration.
1. Compiles and installs the `teleport_ssh` SELinux module into the system policy.
1. Labels any existing Teleport SSH binaries and directories.

The script needs to read the configuration file of Teleport SSH in order to customize the module
and label files and directories correctly. It will read `/etc/teleport.yaml` by default, but you can specify a different location for the configuration file using the `-c` flag:

```code
$ sudo ./install-selinux.sh -c /path/to/teleport.yaml
```

<Admonition type="note">

You must re-run `install-selinux.sh` whenever your Teleport SSH agents are updated. This ensures the SELinux module matches the version of the binaries in use.

</Admonition>

Future versions of Teleport will make managed updates with `teleport-update` the primary way to manage the SELinux module.

### Labeling Teleport SSH binaries

> The SELinux module assumes Teleport is installed using managed updates in `/opt/teleport/default/versions/*/bin/teleport`, installed by the RPM package in `/opt/teleport/system/bin/teleport`, or simply at `/usr/bin/teleport`. If the Teleport binary is in none of these locations, you will need to label the binary manually:

Author: For DEB and RPM packages all binaries should get installed there: https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/blob/master/build.assets/build-package.sh#L66

We only care about RPM packages here, but it seems to be the same for DEB packages too.

`teleport-update` makes `/usr/local/bin/*` symlinks to binaries that it manages, the top level Makefile installs binaries there, and all our service files in the repo expect teleport to be there. If teleport isn't in `/usr/local/bin` nothing will happen so I don't see any harm in leaving it, it should only help.

> The SELinux module assumes Teleport is installed using managed updates in `/opt/teleport/default/versions/*/bin/teleport`, installed by the RPM package in `/opt/teleport/system/bin/teleport`, or simply at `/usr/bin/teleport`. If the Teleport binary is in none of these locations, you will need to label the binary manually:

Author: N/A as of the PR I opened

```code

> $ sudo semanage fcontext -a -t teleport_ssh_exec_t /path/to/teleport

Author: Thinking about it more, I think the binary path of Teleport should be configurable, I'll make a change so it is.

> $ sudo semanage fcontext -a -t teleport_ssh_exec_t /path/to/teleport

Author: PR opened here: https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/55307 will update the docs to remove the portion on labeling.

The type enforcement file is the heart of the module and contains statements that define what Teleport SSH processes are allowed to do.

> The file contexts file maps files and directories Teleport SSH uses to the appropriate SELinux labels. For more information on SELinux labels refer to the Red Hat article [SELinux Contexts - Labeling Files](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_enterprise_linux/9/html/selinux_users_and_administrators_guide/sect-security-enhanced_linux-working_with_selinux-selinux_contexts_labeling_files).

Reviewer 2: Does "Teleport SSH" refer to the Teleport SSH Service? If so, I'd use the latter term for consistency with the rest of the docs.

Author: done
